CIPs: Ensure header and templated section correctness (#1125)
cardano-foundation/CIPs: CIP-0013/README.md

---
CIP: 13
Title: Cardano URI Scheme
Category: Wallets
Status: Proposed
Authors:
    - Robert Phair <rphair@cosd.com>
    - Sebastien Guillemot <sebastien@emurgo.io>
    - Vicente Almonacid <vicente@emurgo.io>
Implementors: N/A
Discussions:
    - Early PR: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/25
    - Original PR: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/30
    - EmIps PR: https://github.com/Emurgo/EmIPs/pull/2
    - Cardano Forum: https://forum.cardano.org/t/cip-cardano-payment-uri-scheme/41457
    - Cardano Forum: https://forum.cardano.org/t/cip-stake-uri-scheme-for-pools-delegation-portfolios/40594
    - Cardano Forum: https://forum.cardano.org/t/cip-generalized-cardano-urls/57464
    - Extend URI scheme with single stake pool links: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/61
    - Extend URI scheme for delegation portfolio links: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/86
    - CIP-0099? | Proof of Onboarding: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/546

>     - CIP-0013 | Generalise for further protocols: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/559

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - CIP-0099? | Proof of Onboarding: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/546
    - Generalise for further protocols: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/559
```
_NOTE GitHub is identifying the scope of this change wrong (2 adjacent lines in source material, so the `diff` is screwed up): recently buggy in this way (though for some reason not happened in https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/1125#discussion_r3295308803)._

... this is a case in point since the tag of `CIP-0099` is useful (to indicate it's another CIP under review) but the `CIP-0013` tag is not (especially since it didn't appear on the prior links either).

So I think we could qualify the convention (though subjective & therefore no benefit or need to add it to the validator) that the CIP or CPS itself should be considered redundant if & when included in `Discussion` link titles.
